Updating README (#58)
signalfx/splunk-otel-java-lambda: README.md

    OTEL_EXPORTER_JAEGER_ENDPOINT=http://127.0.0.1:9080/v1/trace
    SPLUNK_ACCESS_TOKEN="orgAccessToken"
   ``` 

>    You can also use the `jaeger-thrift-splunk' exporter to send spans directly to the Splunk Observability Cloud backend. You can update accomplish this by updating OTEL_EXPORTER_JAEGER_ENDPOINT to the ingest URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You can also use the `jaeger-thrift-splunk` exporter to send spans directly to the Splunk Observability Cloud backend. You can update accomplish this by updating `OTEL_EXPORTER_JAEGER_ENDPOINT` to the ingest URL.
```

>    You can also use the `jaeger-thrift-splunk' exporter to send spans directly to the Splunk Observability Cloud backend. You can update accomplish this by updating OTEL_EXPORTER_JAEGER_ENDPOINT to the ingest URL.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   You can also use the `jaeger-thrift-splunk` exporter to send spans directly to the Splunk Observability Cloud backend. You can accomplish this by pointing `OTEL_EXPORTER_JAEGER_ENDPOINT` to the ingest URL.
```
